Add a new "hub-experimental" hub image and enable unlisted choices for leap hub (#2851)
2i2c-org/infrastructure: docs/howto/custom-jupyterhub-image.md

This allows adding and configuring other packages like the [jupyterhub-configurator](https://github.com/yuvipanda/jupyterhub-configurator) or using specific versions of the spawner and authenticator.
More information about this custom image can be found in the [Dockerfile](https://github.com/2i2c-org/infrastructure/blob/HEAD/helm-charts/images/hub/Dockerfile) itself.

## The `hub-experimental` image

In addition to the `hub` image, there is also a `hub-experimental` image, that is defined in the [helm-charts directory of the infrastructure repository](https://github.com/2i2c-org/infrastructure/tree/HEAD/helm-charts/images/hub-experimental).

This `hub-experimental` image is very similar to the hub image, but its primary goal is to be used to test changes like new packages, newer package versions, or even unreleased or unmerged versions of them. It can be used to deploy such change just to one or a few specific communities, without having to worry about the instabilities it can generate for other communities.

```{note}

> Both the 2i2c custom `hub` and the `hub-experimental` images live at [Quay.io](https://quay.io/repository/2i2c/pilot-hub).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both the 2i2c custom `hub` and the `hub-experimental` images live at [Quay.io](https://quay.io/organization/2i2c).
```

Reviewer: Given these are two different images

```{mermaid}
flowchart TD
  build_hub_experimental[Build a new `hub-experimental` image fa:fa-camera-retro]-->configure_hub_with_experiment[Configure the hub of at least one community to use the new image]
  configure_hub_with_experiment-->deploy_hub[fa:fa-rocket Deploy]
  -- Watch for one week to see how it goes! ---
  deploy_hub --> condition{{Runs for one week without needing any fixes?}}
  condition -- Yes --- roll_out[Roll out changes from `hub-experimental` into the `hub` image]
  condition -- No --- fix[Fix issues fa:fa-ban]
  fix --> condition
  roll_out --> deploy_everywhere[Deploy hub image everywhere fa:fa-rocket]
  -- More testing for hubs that are configured differently ---
  deploy_everywhere --> end_condition[`hub-experimental` image is the same as `hub` fa:fa-exclamation]
```

## How to install an unreleased version of a package in the `hub-experimental` image

To install an unreleased package, we will need to install directly from GitHub and not from PyPI:

1. Identify the package and commit you wish to install into the hub image. Example:

   ```bash
   https://github.com/jupyterhub/kubespawner@def501f1d60b8e5629745acb0bcc45b151b1decc

>    ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ```

   ```{important}
   Specify a full commit hash after `@`, not a branch name. This way, our builds are more reproducible!
   ```
```

Reviewer: Ugh, looks like GitHub fucked up my suggestion here?
